---
title: Прислал по аське Слава Тихонов.
author: Gray
type: posts
date: 2004-10-06T14:01:31+00:00
excerpt:
url: /5284
dsq_thread_id:
  - 1802780770
esml_socialcount_LAST_UPDATED:
  - 1497265813
essb_cache_expire:
  - 1616020544
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---







Прислал по аське Слава Тихонов. Не очень нова идея, но сделано замечательно. 

> **Morning talks in the Oval Office**
> 
> We take you now to the Oval Office&#8230;  
> President George W. Bush: Condi! Nice to see you. What&#8217;s happening?  
> National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice: Sir, I have the report  
> here about the new leader of China.  
> Bush: Great. Lay it on me.  
> Rice: Hu is the new leader of China.  
> Bush: That&#8217;s what I want to know.  
> Rice: That&#8217;s what I&#8217;m telling you.  
> Bush: That&#8217;s what I&#8217;m asking you. Who is the new leader of China?  
> Rice: Yes.  
> Bush: I mean the fellow&#8217;s name.  
> Rice: Hu.  
> Bush: The guy in China.  
> Rice: Hu.  
> Bush: The new leader of China.  
> Rice: Hu.  
> Bush: The Chinaman!  
> Rice: Hu is leading China.  
> Bush: Now whaddya asking me for?  
> Rice: I&#8217;m telling you Hu is leading China.  
> Bush: Well, I&#8217;m asking you. Who is leading China?  
> Rice: That&#8217;s the man&#8217;s name.  
> Bush: That&#8217;s who&#8217;s name?  
> Rice: Yes.  
> Bush: Will you or will you not tell me the name of the new leader of China?  
> Rice: Yes, sir.  
> Bush: Yassir? Yassir Arafat is in China? I thought he was in the Middle East.  
> Rice: That&#8217;s correct.  
> Bush: Then who is in China?  
> Rice: Yes, sir.  
> Bush: Yassir is in China?  
> Rice: No, sir.  
> Bush: Then who is?  
> Rice: Yes, sir.  
> Bush: Yassir?  
> Rice: No, sir.  
> Bush: Look, Rice. I need to know the name of the new leader of China. Get me the Secretary General of the U.N. on the phone.  
> Rice: Kofi?  
> Bush: No, thanks.  
> Rice: You want Kofi?  
> Bush: No.  
> Rice: You don&#8217;t want Kofi.  
> Bush: No. But now that you mention it, I could use a glass of milk. And then get me the U.N.  
> Rice: Yes, sir.  
> Bush: Not Yassir! The guy at the U.N.  
> Rice: Kofi?  
> Bush: Milk! Will you please make the call?  
> Rice: And call who?  
> Bush: Who is the guy at the U.N?  
> Rice: Hu is the guy in China.  
> Bush: Will you stay out of China?!  
> Rice: Yes, sir.  
> Bush: And stay out of the Middle East! Just get me the guy at the U.N.  
> Rice: Kofi.  
> Bush: All right! With cream and two sugars. Now get on the phone.  
> (Rice picks up the phone.)  
> Rice: Rice, here.  
> Bush: Rice? Good idea. And a couple of egg rolls, too. Maybe we should send some to the guy in China. And the Middle East. Can you get Chinese food in the Middle East?