---
title: Linux International начинает брать деньги
author: Gray
type: posts
date: 2005-08-22T06:19:40+00:00
excerpt:
url: /6150
dsq_thread_id:
  - 155483130
esml_socialcount_LAST_UPDATED:
  - 1497277325
essb_cache_expire:
  - 1614134738
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---







Linux International начинает [брать деньги][1] за использование названия Linux с разработчиков:

> MORE THAN 90 Australian companies have been asked to pay a licence fee for Linux software in a move apparently backed by the software&rsquo;s eminence grise, Linus Torvalds.
> 
> Letters demanding US$5000 for use of the Linux name were originally dismissed as a hoax. But according to the Sydney Morning Herald, the Open Sauce king is dead serious.
> 
> Jon &#8216;Maddog&#8217; Hall, the executive director of Linux International in the US, said that a community organisation called Linux Australia had been nominated to handle the trademark issue and had sent out the letters.
> 
> In the US, the Linux Mark Institute (LMI) will handle trademark issues in the US and nominate local bodies to look after trademark things in other countries.
> 
> According to Hall, the move is not to get a slice of any one&rsquo;s action, nor was not about trying limit the use of the name Linux, but only to protect the quality of products that go out under that brand.
> 
> When asked whether or not they were being hypocritical about software patents while at the same time bringing in trademarks, Hall said that there was nothing to stop a company using Linux software without using the Linux name. If Linux patented Linux that would certainly happen.

Приплыли, называется&#8230;

 [1]: http://theinquirer.net/?article=25529