---
title: IE7 и стандарты
author: Gray
type: posts
date: 2006-08-17T06:31:29+00:00
excerpt:
url: /7729
dsq_thread_id:
  - 4090656
esml_socialcount_LAST_UPDATED:
  - 1497233894
essb_cache_expire:
  - 1616272222
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---







Ричард МакМанус <a href="http://blogs.zdnet.com/web2explorer/?p=260" target="_blank">разговаривает</a> с Крисом Уилсоном &#8212; менеджером разработки IE &#8212; о поддержке стандартов в IE7. 

> I think that we really have made some great improvements &#171;There were a ton of bugs from IE6 that were causing web developers a lot of pain &#8212; and we really wanted to nail those and the most requested features upfront.&#187; in our standards support in IE7. The target for that was not just passing any one particular test. For example Paul Thurrott&#8217;s old post talked about when I said on the IE Blog that in IE7 we were not going to pass the Acid2 test that The Web Standards Project did. [That] was largely because although it&#8217;s a great set of things to be testing, some of the features on that list weren&#8217;t going to go to the top of our list. We&#8217;re trying to improve the world for web developers and when we looked at what people were saying they wanted us to do, there were a ton of bugs that were causing web developers a lot of pain, from IE6 &#8212; and we really wanted to nail those and the most requested features upfront. And I&#8217;m actually really proud and very pleased with what we&#8217;ve managed to get accomplished in IE7. It&#8217;s actually a little more than I expected when we set out to do this. But having said that, I do have to say we&#8217;ve got a lot more work to do after that. We&#8217;ve been plotting out the next couple of releases of IE &#8212; and I certainly don&#8217;t think that we&#8217;re done with improving web standards support at all.