---
title: Foleo не будет
author: Gray
type: posts
date: 2007-09-05T10:07:46+00:00
excerpt:
url: /8926
dsq_thread_id:
  - 163893475
esml_socialcount_LAST_UPDATED:
  - 1497209535
essb_cache_expire:
  - 1616329712
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---







Palm <a href="http://blog.palm.com/palm/2007/09/a-message-to-pa.html" target="_blank">отменил</a> выход Foleo:

> In the course of the past several months, it has become clear that the right path for Palm is to offer a single, consistent user experience around this new platform design and a single focus for our platform development efforts. To that end, and after careful deliberation, I have decided to cancel the Foleo mobile companion product in its current configuration and focus all of our energies on delivering our next generation platform and the first smartphones that will bring this platform to market. We will, of course, continue to develop products in partnership with Microsoft on the Windows Mobile platform, but from our internal platform development perspective, we will focus on only one.
> 
> Because we were nearly at the point for shipping Foleo, this was a very tough decision. Yet I am convinced this is the right thing to do. Foleo is based on second platform and a separate development environment, and we need to focus our efforts on one platform. Our own evaluation and early market feedback were telling us that we still have a number of improvements to make Foleo a world-class product, and we can not afford to make those improvements on a platform that is not central to our core focus. That would not be right for our customers or for our developer community. 

Лучше, конечно, поздно, чем никогда, но это решение из разряда тех, которые могут оказаться роковыми.